Add explanations for control-plane pods restart after certificate ren… (#28944)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-certs.md

You can renew your certificates manually at any time with the `kubeadm certs renew` command.

This command performs the renewal using CA (or front-proxy-CA) certificate and key stored in `/etc/kubernetes/pki`. 

> After running the command you should restart control-plane Pods because they do not support dynamic 
> certificate reload. You can not use `kubectl` because these are 
> [static Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-containerstatic-pod/) and are not managed by the API Server. 
> So to restart any static Pod you can temporarily remove its manifest file from `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` 
> and wait for 20 seconds (in case you have changed `fileCheckFrequency` field in [KubeletConfiguration struct](/docs/
> reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/) you should wait as long as the new value set). 
> Then `kubelet` will kill the Pod and you can bring the manifest file back. 
> After another `fileCheckFrequency` period,  the `kubelet` will recreate the Pod and certificate renewal is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the command you should restart the control plane Pods. This is required since
dynamic certificate reload is currently not supported for all components and certificates.
[Static Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-containerstatic-pod/) are managed by the local kubelet
and by the API Server, thus kubectl cannot be used to delete and restart them.
To restart a static Pod you can temporarily remove its manifest file from `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` 
and wait for 20 seconds (see the `fileCheckFrequency` value in [KubeletConfiguration struct](/docs/
reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/).
The kubelet will terminate the Pod and after that you can bring the manifest file back.
After another `fileCheckFrequency` period, the kubelet will recreate the Pod and the certificate renewal
for the component can complete.
```

note, you can click "commit" for my suggested change instead of opening a new PR after each requested change.

Reviewer: Thanks for catching that. Updated.

You can renew your certificates manually at any time with the `kubeadm certs renew` command.

This command performs the renewal using CA (or front-proxy-CA) certificate and key stored in `/etc/kubernetes/pki`. 

After running the command you should restart the control plane Pods. This is required since
dynamic certificate reload is currently not supported for all components and certificates.
[Static Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-containerstatic-pod/) are managed by the local kubelet
and not by the API Server, thus kubectl cannot be used to delete and restart them.

> To restart a static Pod you can temporarily remove its manifest file from `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` 

Reviewer 2: How do we compare this to `sudo systemctl restart kubelet`?

Author: I think restarting kubelet will not work because the container runtime is still running the components.
